track oldest delete request age since their cancellation period is over (#2806)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_bucket_stores_gate_queries_in_flight`
  * `cortex_bucket_stores_gate_duration_seconds`
* [CHANGE] Metric `cortex_ingester_flush_reasons` has been renamed to `cortex_ingester_series_flushed_total`, and is now incremented during flush, not when series is enqueued for flushing. #2802

> * [CHANGE] Experimental Delete Series: Metric `purger_pending_delete_requests_count` would track age of delete requests since they are over their cancellation period instead of their creation time. #2806

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Experimental Delete Series: Metric `cortex_purger_oldest_pending_delete_request_age_seconds` would track age of delete requests since they are over their cancellation period instead of their creation time. #2806
```
